Added printer-friendly styling to README (#25)
sparksuite/simple-html-invoice-template: README.md

## How to use
Open the [invoice.html](https://github.com/sparksuite/simple-html-invoice-template/blob/master/invoice.html) file and use its HTML and CSS in your application.

## Printer-friendly styling

> By default, the layout of the invoice when printed is equal to the regular layout. Optionally, the box-shadow and border line can be removed when printing, to give a more invoice-like feeling.
> <p align="center">
>   <img alt="Without printer friendly styling" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22718003/147985007-fb298dd8-b88c-4407-bdea-26fe2c9f595c.png" width="45%">
> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
>   <img alt="With printer-friendly styling" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22718003/147985049-ebf70654-ace3-4e49-b7e1-9fb4d3583163.png" width="45%">
> </p>
> 
> Example:

Reviewer: I'm a bit picky when it comes to verbiage. I'd reword this and remove the screenshot to reduce clutter:

```suggestion
By default, the appearance of the invoice when printed is the same as when viewed on a screen. If the invoice is the primary or only element on the page, you may want to consider removing the box-shadow and border, and letting the invoice extend the full width of the page. That can be accomplished with this CSS:
```

> ```

Reviewer: This code block should specify the language, to get the correct color-coding:

```suggestion
```css
```
